add to hacks: rough draft trayer resize event hook (#643)
xmonad/xmonad-contrib: CHANGES.md

    - Flipped how `(^?)`, `(~?)`, and `($?)` work to more accurately
      reflect how one uses these operators.

  * `XMonad.Util.Hacks`

    - Added `trayerPaddingXmobarEventHook` to communicate tray (e.g.,
      trayer) resize events to XMobar so that padding space may be

>       reserved on xmobar for the tray.  Requires XMobar version that
>       supports the `<hspace=X/>` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      reserved on xmobar for the tray.  Requires XMobar >= 0.40.
```
